README.md, before:

# Soundux UI

Frontend for [Soundux](https://github.com/Soundux/Soundux)

[![Main repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/View%20our%20main%20repo-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=fff)](https://github.com/Soundux/Soundux)

[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Soundux/soundux-ui?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/Soundux/soundux-ui/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![Build](https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/Soundux/soundux-ui/ci?&style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/Soundux/soundux-ui/actions?query=workflow%3A%22ci%22)
[![Prettier](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-prettier-ff69b4.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/prettier/prettier)

### Tech stack
[![Vue.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vue.js-4FC08D?style=for-the-badge&logo=vue-dot-js&logoColor=fff)](https://vuejs.org/)
[![Vuetify](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vuetify-1867C0?style=for-the-badge&logo=vuetify&logoColor=fff)](https://vuetifyjs.com/)
[![Material Design Icons](https://img.shields.io/badge/Material%20Design%20Icons-2196F3?style=for-the-badge&logo=material-design-icons&logoColor=fff)](https://materialdesignicons.com/)
[![Jest](https://img.shields.io/badge/Jest-C21325?style=for-the-badge&logo=jest&logoColor=fff)](https://jestjs.io/)

![Screenshot]( https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Soundux/screenshots/screenshots/playing-dark.png)

## Issues
Please report issues in our main repository. [Create an issue](https://github.com/Soundux/Soundux/issues/new/choose)

## Project setup
```
yarn install
```

### Compiles and hot-reloads for development
```
yarn serve
```

### Compiles and minifies for production
```
yarn build
```

### Lints and fixes files
```
yarn lint
```

### Run Unit tests
```
yarn test:unit
```

### Customize configuration
See [Configuration Reference](https://cli.vuejs.org/config/).

Commit message:

docs(readme): add link to contributing guidelines

README.md, after:

# Soundux UI

Frontend for [Soundux](https://github.com/Soundux/Soundux)

[![Main repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/View%20our%20main%20repo-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=fff)](https://github.com/Soundux/Soundux)

[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Soundux/soundux-ui?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/Soundux/soundux-ui/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![Build](https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/Soundux/soundux-ui/ci?&style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/Soundux/soundux-ui/actions?query=workflow%3A%22ci%22)
[![Prettier](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-prettier-ff69b4.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/prettier/prettier)

### Tech stack
[![Vue.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vue.js-4FC08D?style=for-the-badge&logo=vue-dot-js&logoColor=fff)](https://vuejs.org/)
[![Vuetify](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vuetify-1867C0?style=for-the-badge&logo=vuetify&logoColor=fff)](https://vuetifyjs.com/)
[![Material Design Icons](https://img.shields.io/badge/Material%20Design%20Icons-2196F3?style=for-the-badge&logo=material-design-icons&logoColor=fff)](https://materialdesignicons.com/)
[![Jest](https://img.shields.io/badge/Jest-C21325?style=for-the-badge&logo=jest&logoColor=fff)](https://jestjs.io/)

![Screenshot]( https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Soundux/screenshots/screenshots/playing-dark.png)

## Issues & Contributing
Please report issues in our main repository.
> See our contribution guidelines, which you can find [here](https://github.com/Soundux/Soundux/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)

## Project setup
```
yarn install
```

### Compiles and hot-reloads for development
```
yarn serve
```

### Compiles and minifies for production
```
yarn build
```

### Lints and fixes files
```
yarn lint
```

### Run Unit tests
```
yarn test:unit
```

### Customize configuration
See [Configuration Reference](https://cli.vuejs.org/config/).
